adding notes for preprov challenges (#3959)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/konvoy/2.1/choose-infrastructure/pre-provisioned/self-managed/index.md

Before you start, make sure you have created a workload cluster, as described in [Create the Cluster][createthecluster].

## Explore the cluster

> Before checking making the cluster manage itself, explore your cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you check making the cluster manage itself, explore your cluster:
```

> Before checking making the cluster manage itself, explore your cluster:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before setting the cluster to manage itself, explore your cluster with this command:
```

   ```sh
   kubectl get pods -A --kubeconfig ${CLUSTER_NAME}.conf
   ```

<p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>If you see a <code>calico-node</code> pod not working on your ready on your cluster, you will have to edit the <code>installation</code> file.
</p>

If you have to edit the installation file, run the command:

   ```sh 
   kubectl edit installation default --kubeconfig ${CLUSTER_NAME}.conf
   ```

> Change the `spec.calicoNetwork.nodeAddressAutodetectionV4` to be `interface: ens192`, and save this file:

Reviewer 3: I would like to take a look at this and provide the details needed to make this change before the cluster is created.

Author: @dkoshkin - yeah - could you add that? The reason I didn't add this is because we don't have any instrux for `--dry-run` - we could always iterate in a new pr.

   ```sh
   spec:
     calicoNetwork:
     ...
       nodeAddressAutodetectionV4:

>          interface: interface: ens192

Author: ```suggestion
         interface: ens192
```
